1. List 5 difference between Browser JS(console) v Nodejs

->Nodejs

*   Node doesn’t have a predefined “window” object cause it doesn’t have a window to draw anything.
*   “location” object is related to a particular url; that means it is for page specific. So, node doesn’t require that.
*    Ofcourse Node doesn’t have “document” object also, cause it never have to render anything in a page.
*   Node has “global”, which is a predefined global object. It contains several functions that are not available in browsers, cause they are needed for server side works only.
*   “require” object is predefined in Node which is used to include modules in the app.

->Browser JS(console)
*   “window” is a predefined global object which has functions and attributes, that have to deal with window that has been drawn.
*   “location” is another predefined object in browsers, that has all the information about the url we have loaded.
*   “document”, which is also another predefined global variable in browsers, has the html which is rendered.
*   Browsers may have an object named “global”, but it will be the exact one as “window”.
*   Browsers don’t have “require” predefined. You may include it in your app for asynchronous file loading.
*   Moduling is not mandatory in client side JavaScript, i.e. in browsers.

2. How browser actually  render a website
*parsing is process in which data flows throgh the wesite while searched
*when something is searched in broser the broser goes through the diifernt rendering units in orreder to collect the informations
*there are main units of parings like HTML parsing, CSS parsing and JS engine
*DOM and CSSOM combines the two object models, style resolution, this is actuall representation what u will see on screen 
*DOM and CSSOM havemultiple trees like renderobject, renderstyle, renderlayer, line box

3. Execute the below code and write your description in txt file
typeof(1)
Number,buz data type 1 is number
typeof(1.1)
NUmber, buz data type 1.1 is integer, it is also a number
typeof('1.1')
string, buz anything inside a invited comma represent string,data type is string
typeof(true)
Boolean, buz any data type true or false represent boolean 
typeof(null)
object, it is unkonown, why it shows object
typeof(undefined)
undefined, undefined is also a data typer
typeof([])
object, data typr of an array is object.
typeof({})
object, buZ {} represent obejct and object is data type
typeof(NaN)
number, NaN means not a number but js is trying to convert it to number, so number is data type